# Management Session Protocol (December 2024)
<sup>According to § 9 Constitution of unyt.org demokratische freie Netzwerktechnologien e.V.</sup>
## Information

##### Timing
<sup>No constitutional resolutions can be issued before or after the session.</sup>  
**Session Begin**: 20:06  
**Session End**: 21:06
##### Attendance
<sup>Resolutions require an ordinary majority, unless stated otherwise in the constitution.</sup>

| With Voting Rights | Without Voting Rights |
| ------------------ | --------------------- |
| Jonas Strehle      |                       |
| Tim Köhler         |                       |
| Benedikt Strehle   |                       |
| Adrian Siebing     |                       |
##### Responsibilities
**Minute Taking**: Adrian Siebing  
**Session Director**: Jonas Strehle

---
## Agenda
- Resolution Audits
- Reddit Post Performance
- Milestones for Q1 / 2025
- Hackathon
- Reforming the Association Documentation Process

---

## Resolution Audits
There is feedback for the following resolutions: *None.*

## Reddit Post Performance
UIX Reddit Post – low impressions but one very interesting person that might be interested in working with UIX (knows the biggest Web Frameworks and their common drawbacks), would like to be a maintainer. A specific possible area of work is yet to be discussed.

## Milestones for Q1 / 2025
*Jonas, Bene*: Proposal to focus on DATEX
- DATEX Development Process Design
	- Pipeline, Branch Guidelines
	- Continuous Documentation
	- Attempting 100% Test Coverage
- First DATEX Spec draft
	- Clear differentiation between docs ("how to use DATEX?") and Specification ("how is DATEX supposed to behave?")
- DATEX Core Rust
	- Embedded Device Support
- DATEX Core Bindings JavaScript
	- Usability across all common JavaScript runtimes (Bun, Deno, Node)
- DATEX Workbench
- (Issue description improvements, more self-explainatority)
- Bug Fixes for UIX and DATEX Core Legacy JS, no more feature expansions, minor documentation improvements
- Discussing a new CDN Hosting Strategy (Potentially hosting externally, with unyt.land as a TypeScript-compiling proxy)
- unyt.land Optimizations
- Planning and manifesting Hackathon Event Ulm+Berlin

**Side Discussion: Should we implement a React-compatibility layer for UIX?**  
*Pro*: Re-use the existing landscape of React components for UIX  
*Contra*: If it's faster to implement DATEX Rust for React, the time cost of developing a compatibility layer might be too high. This, however, would not satisfy the needs of UIX fans. The idea is contrary to the focus on DATEX core. It might be a long-term perspective.  
-> **No. Not now.**

| Resolution Label | Votes Pro | Votes Contra | Abstentions from Voting |
| ---------------- | --------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| #milestones-q1   | **4**     | 0            | 0                       |

## Hackathon
Appointment Benedikt and Jonas with Wirtschaftsförderung Ulm on Monday 09th. Several larger companies to be contacted soon. Berlin mails will be sent out soon.

## Reforming the Association Documentation Process
Switch every kind of record and documentation to GitHub (except for the list of members). Use markdown. Use issues for tasks, ToDo's and milestones.

| Resolution Label                  | Votes Pro | Votes Contra | Abstentions from Voting |
| --------------------------------- | --------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| #reform-association-documentation | **4**     | 0            | 0                       |
