# Management Session Protocol (September 2025)
<sup>According to § 9 Constitution of unyt.org demokratische freie Netzwerktechnologien e.V.</sup>
## Information

### Timing
<sup>No constitutional resolutions can be issued before or after the session.</sup>  
**Session Begin**: 20:03
**Session End**: 20:45
### Attendance
<sup>Resolutions require an ordinary majority, unless stated otherwise in the constitution.</sup>

| With Voting Rights | Without Voting Rights |
| ------------------ | --------------------- |
| Jonas Strehle      | Norbert Brzeziński    |
| Benedikt Strehle   |                       |
| Adrian Siebing     |                       |
| Nico Brenner       |                       |
### Responsibilities
**Minute Taking**: Adrian Siebing  
**Session Director**: Jonas Strehle

---
## Agenda
- Resolution Audits
- The Post-DATEX Agenda

---

## Resolution Audits
There is feedback for the following resolutions:
#move-weinbergweg : The move is completed. Our website imprint has been changed. Make sure to change your signature.

## The Post-DATEX Agenda

### Topic
DATEX has been the main focus of the last <s>12</s> 6 months and is the base technology that unyt.org's technologies revolve around.

As UIX is in maintenance mode in a workable condition but with persisting shortcomings, we should discuss and vote officially on the future of unyt.org's work.

What will come after DATEX Core v0.1?
Are we going to re-implement a more efficient and stable version of UIX?
What is going to be our flagship product(s)?
Will we let go of UIX and support more mature full-stack web development frameworks?
Which timespan are we talking about?
### Discussion
- We project to be able to use DATEX in other projects until the end of this year.
- Enhancing legacy UIX based on legacy DATEX doesn't make a lot of sense
- Next up: integrating DATEX into various frameworks as a data synchronization and storage system
	- However, UIX should be rebuilt and become a new flagship product
- There's no granular milestone planning yet
- UIX is only a small layer on top of DATEX.
- We should, however, focus on stability instead of experimental features
### Conclusion
Proposal: UIX should be a flagship product for the future of unyt.org. At the same time, we will offer DATEX (JS) as a synchronization and storage library for other frameworks.
Open Question: Should deployment and other meta functionality be provided with UIX?

| Resolution Label | Votes Pro | Votes Contra | Abstentions from Voting |
| ---------------- | --------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| #uix-future      | **4**     | 0            | 0                       |
