# Management Session Protocol (May 2025)
<sup>According to § 9 Constitution of unyt.org demokratische freie Netzwerktechnologien e.V.</sup>
## Information

### Timing
<sup>No constitutional resolutions can be issued before or after the session.</sup>  
**Session Begin**: 20:08  
**Session End**: 20:34
### Attendance
<sup>Resolutions require an ordinary majority, unless stated otherwise in the constitution.</sup>

| With Voting Rights | Without Voting Rights |
| ------------------ | --------------------- |
| Jonas Strehle      | Marvin Klein          |
| Benedikt Strehle   |                       |
| Nico Brenner       |                       |
| Tim Köhler         |                       |
| Adrian Siebing     |                       |
|                    |                       |
### Responsibilities
**Minute Taking**: Adrian Siebing  
**Session Director**: Jonas Strehle

---
## Agenda
- Resolution Audits
- Licensing models for the DATEX Core
- State of the course New Web Technologies
- New Member Dave
- Invite to the DATEX Core Rust Review

---

## Resolution Audits
There is feedback for the following resolutions:

#datex-trademark : We filed the UIX trademark and got feedback that it will take roughly 6 months until it's registered. We postpone the DATEX trademark and see what happens with UIX first.

#auditor-25-tim 
#treasurer-25-benedikt 
#move-weinbergweg : In progress, we're in touch with the notary.

## Licensing models for the DATEX Core
- People could steal our work
- How can we primarily prevent commercial giants from stealing our code and benefitting from it without giving back to us?
- We do not want to prevent potential customers from using our tools (also closed source companies)
- We will think about strategically useful licensing models that are compatible with our dependencies and dependents


Request: Research on licensing schemes and discuss possible solutions.

| Resolution Label             | Votes Pro | Votes Contra | Abstentions from Voting |
| ---------------------------- | --------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| #research-on-datex-licensing | **4**     | 0            | 0                       |
The request is **accepted**.

## State of the course New Web Technologies
- Stable 90 members
- We are optimistic.

## New Member Dave
- Recent website overhaul meeting
- We have a rough plan on how to design our new digital presence
- Dave will assist in the development, with a focus on backend work
- A technical introduction will be necessary

## Invite to the DATEX Core Rust Review
After this meeting. We're going over the code.
