# Management Session Protocol (März 2026)
<sup>According to § 9 Constitution of unyt.org demokratische freie Netzwerktechnologien e.V.</sup>
## Information

### Timing
<sup>No constitutional resolutions can be issued before or after the session.</sup>  
**Session Begin**: 20:08
**Session End**: 21:01
### Attendance
<sup>Resolutions require an ordinary majority, unless stated otherwise in the constitution.</sup>

| With Voting Rights | Without Voting Rights |
| ------------------ | --------------------- |
| Jonas Strehle      |                       |
| Benedikt Strehle   |                       |
| Nico Brenner       |                       |
| Norbert Brzeziński |                       |
| Adrian Siebing     |                       |
| Jakob Frömbgen     |                       |
### Responsibilities
**Minute Taking**: Adrian Siebing
**Session Director**: Jonas Strehle

---
## Agenda
- Resolution Audits
- AI Policy
- Re-Implementation of the homepage of the Institut für Digitale Lehre (IfDL)
- LinkedIn Posts

---

## Resolution Audits
There is feedback for the following resolutions: *None.*

## AI Policy
The unyt.org e.V. aims to lead by example regarding code quality and innovativeness. Recent (ab)uses of AI technology in this area has shown that we should discuss how we proceed with the acceptance or refusal of AI in our association.

**Brainstorming Ideas and Discussion:**
- Categorial Approach: categorize unyt.org software products by their relevance, security/stability requirements etc. and develop corresponding AI usage guidelines
- General Acceptance / Rejection Approach: restrict the usage of AI or allow it under all circumstances
- We're not only talking about "Vibe Coding" but also other areas of application:
	- Research
	- Formatting Posts
	- Providing AI technologies in our own products
- Open Source is a crucial part of our identity of the unyt.org e.V. – we should indeed set a statement and strengthen the open source community
- Should we accept automatically generated PRs? → No
- We should add an Anti-AI-Training .md policy file prohibiting the use for big tech training ab(uses)
- Vibe-coding a product from scratch is very problematic – adjusting a project is less concerning
- We should find ways to enforce our policy, especially for interns (let it be part of the contract – they have to pay special respect to our IP rights)
- Tests / Coverage could be a good application of Coding LLMs – or be counter-productive?
- Philosophical Question: If the LLM generates the tests, would't it be feasible/better to generate the actual code via AI and write the tests by hand?
- The policy should also be linked in the CONTRIBUTION GUIDELINES on GitHub
- The depth of a code review should exclusively depend on the code submitter's experience and position, and subordinately the importance of the project that's being worked on

**Drafting the AI Policy:**
- Forbid any kind of Agent Instructions in our public repositories (not even in the .gitignore)
- GitHub Copilot Suggestions should be forbidden at all times
- Prohibit any kind of vibe-coding a software and/or feature from scratch
- Tab Completion should be allowed at all times
- Research applications should be allowed at all times
- Problem solving should be allowed at all times
- Minimal AI-generated code pieces (comparable to StackOverflow solutions) may be used in the code as is
- Reviews require in-depth validation and verification by humans and must only contain human-like code. The use of AI must not be visible except from explicit notes about its usage (e.g. in comments). For reviewed code, AI-generated code must match the surrounding code styles perfectly and without exceptions.
- The Git history must be kept clean – fixes on top of invalid or AI-generated code are equally invalid. Instead, the entire history must be free of any evidence of unpermitted AI tool usage.
- Should there be IP that requires protection, they will be labeled as such (e.g. "redacted" or "classified") and must never get in touch with any sort of remote AI technology. Violations will lead to prosecution.

→ It seems that a single-tier AI policy is sufficient

**Opinion Score:**
We will write a full draft for the aforementioned AI Policy and present it for final voting.

| Resolution Label | Votes Pro | Votes Contra | Abstentions from Voting |
| ---------------- | --------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| #ai-policy       | **5**     | 0            | 1                       |

## Re-Implementation of the homepage of the Institut für Digitale Lehre (IfDL)
- The IfDL has updated its homepage to feature a more serious design and higher quality contents
- The institute intends to write and publish research together with unyt.org

## LinkedIn Posts
- We need more posts, also e.g. the IfDL papers
- We'd like to have one more post this month: AI Policy as a blog article
- When should we begin our next round of applicants? We consider doing it in ~4 weeks.